"The circle moved in and round. He squealed in mock terror, then in real pain...They got his arms and legs. Ralph, carried away by a sudden thick excitement, grabbed Eric's spear and jabbed at him with it. "Kill him! Kill him!""
1. Who is the boy and what is happening in the quote above?<br />
&rarr; The boy in the quote is Robert. In the quote, the boys are reenacting the boar hunt, which starts off like a play, where there is no violence, but soon escalates into physically hurting Robert. As the reenactment continues, the boys thirst for violence escalates into trying to "Kill him" by grabbing Robert, who is playing the pig, and carrying him "away by a sudden thick excitement." 
2. Why is Ralph jabbing at the boy, and how does this characterize Ralph? What might be a reason for the change in Ralph's characterization?<br/>
&rarr; Ralph is jabbing at Robert with "Eric's spear" as part of the boar hunt reenactment. Although Ralph has always been shown to be preserving and establishing order among the boys, in this quote, Ralph enjoys hurting Robert, and shows a thirst for violence. A possible reason for Ralph's change in characterization may be the absence of Piggy, who has been giving advice to Ralph in order to keep him on track to building a civilization. 
3.  After reenacting the boar hunt, one of the boys suggest that ' "We ought to have a drum," said Maurice, "then we could do it properly."' How does this characterize the boys?<br />
&rarr; Maurice suggesting the need for a drum to "do it properly" shows the boys shifting from keeping order, in the begininning of the book, to becoming savages. The need for a drum shows how the boys are becoming less civilized, and how they feel the need to constantly kill through hunts and reenactments. 
4. " "I dont mind."<br />
Astonished, he heard his voice come out, cool and casual, so that the bitterness of Jack's taunt fell powerless...side by side, watched by silent boys, the two started up the mountain. <br />
Who is the boy in the quote, and hows does this show the change in his relationahip with Jack <br />
&rarr; The boy in the quote is Ralph. This quote shows how there is less tension between Jack and Ralph, since they both want the same thing, and lead "side by side." Without Piggy, Ralph follows his instincts, which is similar to the values Jack stands for. Because of this, Ralph and Jack are able to lead the boys together without tension between the two.

5. "I hit him," said Ralph again, "and the spear stuck in a bit." <br /> He felt the need of witnesses.<br />
Why does Ralph feel the need for witnesses, and how does the quote above characterize his relationship with the island, and what is significant about it?<br />
&rarr; Ralph "felt the need of witnesses" becaus he feels excitement and pride from harming the pig. This characterizes his relationship withthe island as harming the island for his own enjoyment, similar to Jack. This change in characterization is significant because Ralph has always been against Jack hunting animals on the island, and has always supported Piggy's ideas of establishing order among the boys. However, Ralph hunting a pig for the fun of it shows how even the most civilized people can be savages on the inside - even people like Ralph.